I was doing some thinking on what features should be available to the different user TYPES of the app.  
Let me know what you think of the below:

1.admin
                1. warehouses (view, edit, add, delete)
                2. Store (view, edit, add, delete)
                3. warehouses (view, edit, add, delete)
                4. Employee (view, edit, add, delete)

2.store manager
                1. view store inventory
                2. inventory orders (view, edit, add, delete, approve, fulfilled)
                3. customer orders (view, edit, add, delete, approve, fulfilled)
                4. Employee (view, edit, add, delete)

3.store employee
                1. view store inventory (including other stores)
                2. inventory orders (view, edit, add, delete, fulfilled)
                3. customer orders (view, edit, add, delete, fulfilled)

4.warehouse employee
                1. view warehouse inventory
                2. view store inventory
                3. inventory orders (view, edit, add, delete, shipped)
                4. customer orders (view, edit, add, delete, shipped)
                5. Product (view, edit, add, delete)

I was also thinking through what the “Inventory Orders” feature would look like.
Let me  know what you think of the below:

Inventory Orders Screen
	Add new Inventory order button (Goes to empty Edit Inventory Order Screen)
	Displays a list of all outstand inventory orders on each item in the list:
		Date of Order
		Edit button
		Delete button
		Approve button (manager only)
		Fulfilled button
		Shipped button (warehouse only)

 

Edit Inventory Order Screen
	Add new production order button (Displays a list of all products to choose from, when one is selected it is added to the list)
	Displays a list of all outstand inventory orders on each item in the list:
		Name of product
		Count ordered
                Button to Increase Count
                Button to Decrease Count
		Delete button
		Approve button (manager only)
		Fulfilled button
		Shipped button (warehouse only)